hey what's up everybody I'm making this
video to show you that the stuff that
I'm selling actually works this is
actually the blu-ray player right here
and it's loading the planet Earth DVD or
blu-ray rather that comes along with it
so as you can see it's loading on up
it's a searching for signal but it
always says that so yeah the blu-ray
player does work and it's pretty solid
it's a great DVD or blu-ray but yeah
unfortunately I just got to get rid of
it I included the Amazon link so if you
actually needed the technical details to
this there right there included
I'm not a technophile but any means so
but it does play 1080p HD and so it
looks pretty good um so I just want to
get this going for you just to show you
that it does in fact do what it's
supposed to do and I'm not a
not trying to scam anybody I just need a
little extra cash and so there it is
that's a the planet Earth
chances are you live there so now I just
quickly want to get this playing before
I show you the 360 as well that's also
included in this deal so that's just a
loading icon' so we'll just quickly play
all and go from there so I'm gonna skip
ahead so yep
so the blu-ray player does work as does
the blu-ray
so hopefully you don't really have any
questions about that
now here's actually the 360 that I'm
also selling along with it and I'm gonna
stick in one of the the games Oh a skate
isn't mine so I'm not selling that but I
am selling you'll see undisputed so I'm
sticking that in there just 360 is
actually only about a year old I
actually bought it right after I got
back from Japan so I'm just switching
this quickly over to the games I'll turn
off the blu-ray player and so as you can
see it does in fact load and all have
everything all my information deleted
off this so let's see we'll load UFC
Undisputed just so you know again that
it does in fact work I'm not a scammer I
just need a little bit of cash so it's
loading and this is actually a really
great game if you you're into UFC it's a
it's not a button masher by any means
that's great because the UFC MMA is very
technical it isn't just swinging it
isn't just brawling it's a chess match
and so there is a pretty steep learning
curve on this and so everything is
loaded and only thing I really don't
care about this game is actually the the
UI once you actually get into the
gameplay though it's awesome but the
interface sometimes kills me so I'm just
going through the screens here and
quickly trying to show you that yeah
that the 360 is good the games are good
there's no scratches so I'm just loading
all this as quick as I can because I
don't want this video to be too long and
we're almost at four and a half minutes
right now so um
come on let's load so yeah it's a great
game and I'm actually pretty bummed to
be parting with these things but God did
what you got to do so yeah so it's
pretty much all loaded if you have any
questions go ahead and shoot me an email
but as you could tell the blu-ray player
the blu-ray disc that's included planet
Earth the Xbox 360 and all the games
work so if you're looking for a pretty
solid deal go ahead and take me up on
this so uh alright thanks